[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film rigor mortis
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
actor chin a former superstar of the
movie mr vampire
fails his career and parts away with his
family at his middle age
with no money left to afford a house of
his own he moves to a shabby
looming condo with only a few pieces of
belongings
following the way shown by the security
guard he reaches his chief apartment
the haunted 2442 that is well known to
the local community long since
after moving in he locks the door and
plans to hang himself
putting an end to his miserable life
while he's suffocating
some memory pieces about his lovely son
flash through his mind
he struggles hard when noticing some
evil spirits try to possess and control
his body
fortunately right at that moment his
priest neighbor bursts into the room
cuts the noose with a sword and
exorcises the spirits from his body with
some magic craft
chin is finally saved before it's too
late
while staying lonely and desperately
chin could not help but keep recalling
himself of the happy past with his son
moments later however alarmed by some
creepy noises outside
he goes for a check but only finds a
mentally disordered housewife in the
quarter
stealing the food that's offered only to
god and spirits
sensing something weird in this building
though chin has to stay
down in such a cheap apartment later
that night as chin goes out for food
he gets to know his priest neighbor a
chef running a restaurant downstairs
he's actually a vampire hunter who
inherits from his grandfather
the magic craft to exorcise evil spirits
the old lady mary living in the same
building tries to warn chin of some evil
spirits
haunting the apartment 2442
however to a man who lives in despair
and want to end his own life
chin seems to care nothing anymore
on the other side mary lives a peaceful
life with her old husband
and makes her living from mending the
clothes for neighbors but such peace
comes to an end someday
when her husband falls down a stairwell
and dies suddenly
in despair and unwilling to accept her
husband's death the lonely mary begs a
month for help
trying to bring her husband back from
bed the monk promises to do her the
favor
and teaches her some mysterious ways to
protect the dead body from rotting
during his performing of magic ritual on
the disfigured corpse
the monk suffers a lot due to his
unknown illness but luckily relieves his
pain with a special smoke
after that mary follows exactly every
single step told by the monk
hoping to resurrect her dead husband
someday which however
is actually taken advantage of by the
monk for some hidden purpose
the next day chin happens to know a boy
playing around his
apartment is actually the son of the
disordered housewife
but right before chin tries to know more
about him and his traumatized mother
chin's horrified to witness the spirits
from the ghostum show up suddenly in the
building
seeming to perform some mission in the
human world
as the spirits pass them chin and the
two are super scared
and have to stay still holding their
breath
chin later figures out the housewife and
her son are actually living in the
electricity control room
still confused by that he meets the
security guard there
who comes to check the housewife and her
son
the security guard explains to chin that
apartment 2442 belongs to the housewife
she had lived there for 10 more years
with her husband who used to make his
living by tutoring some young students
of the same community
but later the husband raped one of the
twin sisters during his tutorship
the husband ended up getting stabbed to
death by the other sister
who herself received deadly wounds due
to the scuffle
while the rape sister turned distraught
and then hung herself in the apartment
which is later haunted by their enraged
and wandering ghosts
as a result in fear and overwhelmed by
such a tragedy
the housewife is forced to flee the
apartment and live in the control room
knowing the truth chin turns to the
priest for help hoping to exorcise the
evil ghosts
and make room for the housewife and her
son however
the priest refuses to help without any
reason
later when coming back to his apartment
chin hits the trap set up by the monk
who attempts to lure the twin spirits to
possess chin and confined them inside
unexpectedly after being possessed chin
becomes too powerful to be controlled
and fights back violently right then the
priest joins the fight timely
thanks to their joint efforts they
exorcise the ghosts from chin
before sealing them up in a cabinet
later the following day
since the haunting ghosts are banished
chin takes the housewife and her son
back to their apartment
and manages to get along well with them
on the other side mary turns anxious and
visits the monk again
begging for a quick way to revive her
husband the monk however
only tells that everything's ready for
the resurrection ritual
except for the virgin blood meanwhile
the monk convinces mary to stay patient
for the final ritual
and warns her never to take off the
wording mask from her husband's face
on the other side the priest becomes
increasingly worried about mary and her
husband
for they have not shown up in the
community for quite a long time
later that day however the security
guard tells him that mary's husband
might be dead
because the housewife claims to have
witnessed a murder
despite priests being skeptical of
what's been said by the disordered
housewife
the security guard feeling that
something must go wrong
decides to go to mary's for a check
however the poor security guard is later
killed by mary suddenly
but tries hard to cover her husband's
death and definitely won't let anybody
stop the resurrection ritual right now
later that day while the boy plays
around the corner
and happens to enter mary's home mary
driven by her fanatism at the
resurrection takes it as a great chance
to complete the final ritual with virgin
blood
against the monks warnings she removes
the wording mask from the dead husband
before pushing the poor boy into the
dark room used to keep the dead body
hearing the boy begging inside in
despair though mary holds the door close
firmly
with tears running down her face at the
same time with the magic compass
activated
due to its reaction to some supernatural
power the priest senses the powerful
evil
and rushes to mary's apartment which to
his shock is turned into a total mess
with blood spilling everywhere he's
astonished and almost screams out when
finding a horrible hopping vampire
mary's dead husband
is wandering aimlessly inside the
apartment
the priest is stopped timely by the
dying monk who's beaten badly
and confesses his guilt for creating
such a soulless monster
it's revealed that the monk should have
died long ago due to his terminal lung
cancer
but he manages to extend his life by
taking a special smoke
that's made to absorb the energy from
the evil spirits he later targets the
evil twin sisters
who are too powerful to be controlled in
ordinary ways but have to be confined
inside a dead body with a warting mask
what's more in order to achieve his goal
lung killed mary's husband in disguise
of an accident
and later tricked mary to help him in
the name of resurrection
but instead attempted to drive the twin
sisters inside
and seal them up for energy absorption
unexpectedly
mary removes the warting mask and feeds
it with virgin blood
turning the dead husband into a hopping
vampire and letting it run amok
it shows further that those spirits who
visited the human world
were actually mission to bring the dead
into the gustam world
which however is hidden by the monk for
his evil purpose
knowing the truth the priest urges chin
to join the battle
and goes home to take his vampire
hunting weapons passed down by his
family over generations
on the other side while searching for
her missing son everywhere
disordered housewife unseals the cabinet
to release the twin spirits by mistake
and later only finds that her poor son's
been killed
in anger and despair she tries to hit
the vampire for revenge
but gets killed immediately right then
chen shows up and controls the vampire
with fire temporarily
the vampire however later gets possessed
by the wandering evil souls of the twin
sisters
causing it to become more powerful than
its soul estate
as a result the vampire overpowers chin
easily
and hits him badly before he can take
any chance to fight back
right then the priest shows up with his
hunting tools planning to defeat the
hopping vampire with chin's help
backed up with his magic craft though
the priest loses one of his arms in the
following battle
chin builds his courage and stands up to
the powerful vampire
after several rounds of fierce fighting
however the vampire overpowers chen
and is about to kill him right then
seeing a beam of sunlight shining
through
which would weaken the vampire's power
the priest comes up with a plan
he then ties up the vampire and manages
to drag it outside the dark building
while staying under the sunlight the
vampire is burnt and crumbles to ash
eventually
mary unwilling to part with her loved
husband slits her throat to reunite with
her husband in their afterlife
in the final scene however it's shown
that when chin moves to his apartment
the priest actually the chef working for
a restaurant
is being bossed around for his laziness
the security guard is napping
heartlessly on his duty and the
housewife and her son
are heading home while mary with her
husband passing away long ago
is mending the clothes alone at her home
it's revealed that those are the real
scenes happening on the failed actor
chin
while the vampire events are created by
his dying mind in the process of
suffocating to death
compared to his illusional world where
he acts as a vampire hunting hero again
like he did in his best hit movie before
back in the real world however
chin is overwhelmed by his failure and
chooses to end his miserable life
instead
this is daniel cc movie channel bye